This release includes (highlight main items):

IMPORTANT:
There are changes required to run a new version. Please make sure you do the following:
Ask SENSE team to cancel all provisioned services to your Site;
Make sure you update your deployment scripts to use new way to define network devices: https://sdn-sense.github.io/NetControlAnsible.html
Depending on your installation - use to update docker image or restart kubernetes with new configuration.


SiteRM Improvements:
Support VirtualPorts (Fake Ports and is Alias)
Improved SNMP Monitoring and Mac information parsing
Support QoS allowOvercommit flag. Allow site’s
to control overcommit or not for L3 QoS.
Delta Timing and Overlap check imporvements;
Report Network Status of any configuration (L2,L3,Server Vlan, IP, MTU, QoS). Reporting done inside the model and in Prometheus output.
Report QoS Requests in a Prometheus output.
Allow sites to control allvlans flag - either report all vlans from network/host devices or only controlled ones.
WebUI improvements (delta show, topology map)
Separation of Ansible-templates and simplification for sites to specific controlled devices. Please look documentation here https://sdn-sense.github.io/NetControlAnsible.html - for a new way to configure control of network devices.
Before start docker container (either FE or Agent) check all Certificates, configuration files and make sure they are valid.
FE and Agent use docker volume.
Upgrade osg-ca-certs (Needed to support Incommon V3)

Network Device improvements:
New NOS Support: Cisco Nexus 9 (Support Vlan creation/deletion, IPv4/6 assignment, BGP Configuration)
SONiC: Use `set ipv6 next-hop prefer-global` and not add link-local address in the routing table. This issue is visible only between Cisco and SONiC BGP Peering.
AristaEOS: Catch errors and report back to SiteRM.

Code improvement:
Any new code or modified code - requires to run linter.sh This includes for Python: black, isort, pylint. For yaml - yamllint, For bash - bashlint. 

Supported systems: x86_64 and ppc64le
Installation details: https://sdn-sense.github.io/Installation.html

Sites are encouraged always use "latest" or "latest-ppc64le" version. If there is need to enforce specific version, please see details below:
Docker version for this release:
x86_64:
  Agent: sdnsense/site-agent-sense:latest-20231207 (Or use latest)
  Frontend: sdnsense/site-rm-sense:latest-20231207 (Or use latest)
